Yeah, so in this video they were talking about factors that affect how a ball falls and how  long it takes. So the main forces on the ball, which determine how fast it falls, are the  force of gravity, which holds it down, and an air resistance force, which just stood  up. They talked about how the force of gravity down just depends on its mass, but the force  of pushes up is the air resistance force depends on its velocity and its contact  force, and they're both increasing them up. So next they went and did a bunch of experiments,  and then they were going to explain why the results of their experiments were what they were in terms of these context. So first they dropped two water melons. So there's  like a big water melon and a small water melon. And when they dropped them, they hit  the ground at about the same time. I think they were like exactly the same up to their  three decimal points. They dropped them from like a medium sized building. And yeah, the  explanation for why they hit the ground at the same time is that, I guess I should go  back and talk a little about the terminal velocity. So as they fall, well the force  of gravity is always the same, but the air resistance force is going to keep increasing  as the velocity increases. And eventually the two will balance into each terminal velocity.  And they pointed out that for a heavier object, it will take longer for it to reach terminal  velocity, and so it will accelerate for longer before it hits exactly that speed. So the  two water melons, because they're both pretty heavy, the height from the building, it wasn't  long enough for them to really hit their terminal velocity yet, so they were both pretty much  accelerating the whole time, and so they didn't show any difference in their terminal velocity  *** until they were able to get around the same time.***  So that was the first experiment. The second  one, I think they had like a golf ball and a practice golf ball. These are two balls  which were around the same size, but the practice golf ball was a lot lighter. And this lighter ball was able to reach terminal velocity. So the results of the experiment showed that  the heavier one hit first, and the lighter one hit second, were explained because the  lighter one hit terminal velocity to sort of stop accelerating partly through the fall.  So that was the heavier one that hit first. Next they had an experiment that was like  a big basketball and a little basketball, and when they dropped these, they said they  were dropped the same way. So the little one hit first, and the bigger one hit second.  And the explanation was that since they were dropped the same way, they would reach terminal  velocity at around the same time, but the drag force on the little one, so the drag force on the little one, was smaller,  so the little one went down and hit first. They also had a lemon and a basketball. So  they dropped these together, and they hit them at the same time, but there was like  some weirdness where first the lemon fell faster, and then it sort of slowed down in about *** the basketball, I believe it was a watermelon so... they quite hit exactly the same time as the lemon. *** So the explanation there was that in the beginning  the lemon had less drag force because it was smaller, there was less surface area, so it  allowed it to fall faster. But after a bit the lemon was kind of light compared to this  watermelon, the basketball. It hit its terminal velocity and it sort of flattened out its speed. So that allowed the watermelon to overtake the initial gain with the lemon head, and I guess  with the height of the building, they hit it exactly the same time. So the watermelon  sort of caught up, it pushed back the lemon speed, and they hit it at the same time. Yeah,  I think those are the main ideas and experiments in the video. In more detail, I guess going  back to that curve for the velocities, they were saying something about like a quadratic  curve that looked like the area of some curve. So it was like velocity on the x-axis and  force on the y-axis, and they were showing that it was *** air resistance drag up with the  velocity, and then they were drawing these bones on the line to present different values  with the MV, the gravitational force . They gravitate the notebooks and show them when they were down. So because  we defined for something like a lower MV, where they intersect at lower points on this  quadratic curve, that would correspond to lower velocities on the x-axis where some  of the velocity would reach.***