 In the lecture, they're dropping various objects off of the building.  So first they dropped two watermelons, which had similar densities, but different sizes  and masses, and they took about the same time to fall, which was because they were both  so heavy, that they had basically negligible air resistance, especially since the building  they're falling off of wasn't relatively very tall.  So they just didn't have enough time to reach terminal velocity or increase air resistance  to be enough to very large relative to the force of gravity.  So since they have the same acceleration from gravity, they fell at similar times.  But then they dropped two basketballs that weighed the same but had different sizes,  and the smaller basketball fell faster because it had a smaller surface area than the large  basketball, so it experienced less drag or air resistance, which meant that it had a  higher terminal velocity, so it reached the ground sooner and fell at a faster speed.  And then they dropped a watermelon and a lemon, and they reached the ground at similar  times, but the lemon initially fell faster, and then the watermelon caught up to it, which  was because the lemon initially was falling faster because it had a smaller surface area,  but then it reached terminal velocity sooner because it had a smaller mass, so it force of gravity wasn't as great.  Whereas the watermelon, which is much heavier, didn't even reach terminal velocity.  It kept accelerating even when the lemon had stopped accelerating since it had reached  terminal velocity.  So it had a much higher terminal velocity because it had a greater force than gravity  because the mass was larger.  And then the second to last drop, there was a golf ball and a practice ball, and the practice  ball is the same size as the golf ball, but it's much lighter, and so the golf ball reached  the ground first because the practice ball reached terminal velocity much sooner since  it had a smaller mass.  So, kind of like the lemon and the large watermelon, it had a smaller force from gravity because  the force is mass times acceleration.  So having a smaller mass means that the force is smaller and means that for the practice  ball it would have a smaller terminal velocity because terminal velocity is when air resistance  becomes equal to the force of gravity and the net force on the object is zero.  And so the net force is zero, the acceleration of the object is zero, and it's going to  stay at a constant velocity because the overall force from gravity is smaller because the  air resistance, of course, doesn't need to be as large to equal the force of gravity.