 The video shows references from an University I believe.  And they're doing on an experiment with regards to Galileo Galilei's experiments  on the Tower of Pisa at Italy.  Whether we're dropping objects on the floor or things,  we see how the gravitational and the drag force affect the different objects.  The objects used in the experiment were two watermelons,  one large watermelon, approximately 10 pounds in weight,  and one smaller one, around 5-6 pounds in weight.  They used two basketballs, which are... do not have a big difference in weight,  but their size is drastically different.  The small one was about 6 times smaller than the large one, in volume, I believe.  Then they had two golf balls, one standard-issue cold ball,  as well as one practice cold ball.  The practice cold ball is more like a wiffle ball,  the plastic ball with holes in it, and it's hollow.  And then lastly, they used another large watermelon in comparison to a standard-sized lemon.  The first experiment they did was comparing the two watermelons,  the small and the large ones,  setting them both on the same point of the building at the same approximate time,  and seeing which one hit the ground first.  According to the experiment, just by eyesight,  it looked like the larger watermelon hit the ground first.  However, as they looked back on the footage,  they saw that the smaller one was actually quite a bit off to the large one,  and compensating for the time difference,  they concluded that the smaller one hit the ground first.  This is because the large one has such a high-surface area,  so that's a drag for the air resistance.  It's substantially higher for the large watermelon.  However, on the small watermelon, it's not large enough to reach terminal velocity.  And then the second experiment they did was comparing the two basketballs.  The two basketballs, where they dropped both of them from the same point,  and they saw that the large basketball  would hit the ground after the small basketball.  Because the small basketball had *** difference in weight,***  that the small basketball has an advantage in the reduced area that is connected by the drag.  And they did an experiment with the golf balls,  looking at the plastic golf ball versus the standard issued golf ball,  where we saw that the plastic golf ball was substantially slower than the real one,  because it reaches terminal speed way quicker due to the lack of mass.  So it hits the ground way slower because it reaches terminal speed,  which is the point where the weight of the ball, aka the gravitational force,  which is a Newton measure of gravitation times mass,  is equal to the drag force, which is a longer operation that I don't remember.  So the point where those two equal each other, you will reach terminal speed,  and the object will not accelerate anymore, and it will continue at a constant speed,  which is what happened to the small plastic golf ball.  And then, lastly, they did an experiment with a watermelon compared to a lemon.  Well, one could see that the lemon quickly accelerated faster than the larger watermelon,  because the larger watermelon has a larger cross-sectional area,  which causes more drag to start with.  However, as the lemon reaches terminal speed because it has way less mass than the larger watermelon,  it slows down and they reach the ground at approximately the same time.  They then explained to us the terminal speed, which I already talked a little bit about,  where they showed a simulation of a gold bar being dropped from the sky  at the acceleration of constantly, I think the acceleration of the simulation of 200 Nm.  The drag or the air resistance will increase as the object moves,  and they compared this to sticking your hand out of a car.  At going at higher speed, you will feel more of a drag against your hand,  more of an air resistance as you kick it out the window while driving.  So, when the gold bar reaches a speed of 30 Nm,  I don't know if that was enough for my scenario or any person's scenario,  I think it's a little bit about 30 Nm,  the air resistance will also reach 200 Nm,  or at least it will go into the gravitational force,  which meant that it reached terminal speed,  and thus the velocity remains constant.