 Okay, so it was an experiment about how objects fall and the velocity and the height they  fall from. So these researchers were doing an experiment and they started off with the  Galileo theory I think, and there was a flaw in that theory but I'm not, I don't quite  remember what the flaw was, and then the objects they were testing were two watermelons, one  was about 12 pounds and the small or medium watermelon was around 6 pounds or 5, half  the size. They were also testing two basketballs, a big one and a small one. They were also  testing two like tennis or golf balls, so there was a normal golf ball and there was a practice  golf ball which had holes in it. And then there were also two more fruits which were  melon, like a big melon and a small lemon. So basically with the first experiment it  was two watermelons, the big one fell first because it had more mass and then for the  second experiment I think it was the golf balls or...Oh no, it was the basketballs. With the  basketballs I think the, I don't really quite remember much about them. I think they fell  around like the same time and then with the golf ball the small one, the one that was  real, like the real golf ball, the normal one, that fell faster because it had more mass and  the other one that was a practice one fell slower because of the terminal velocity and  the drag. Basically terminal velocity is when two objects have the same surface area and  but they weigh different, just like with the, I think the watermelon? So the golf ball that  was for practice fell last because the surface area reached... no, not the surface area, sorry,  the terminal, it reached the terminal velocity first because terminal velocity means like  the air resistance, the drag and then once the air resistance reaches the same weight,  it falls at a constant rate, at a constant velocity. In case of the other one it was  just falling at an increasing velocity because it didn't reach its constant, no, it didn't  reach its velocity rate. I don't know if that's the right word. And then for the, for the  last experiment there was the big watermelon and then the small lemon. And the small lemon  at first fell faster because it reached the velocity, umm.. its terminal velocity faster because  depending on the height, and then the watermelon did not reach its terminal velocity because  it was not as high as it needed to. So what happened there was that the lemon fell faster but then the lemon and the watermelon hit the ground at the same time. And that happened  because since the lemon reached its terminal velocity faster, after it reached its terminal  velocity, it falls at a constant rate. And then on the other hand, the melon was increasing  velocity so it would just keep falling at an increasing velocity and then it, it caught  up to the lemon and then it fell at the same time. So to recap basically, terminal velocity  is when the object fall depending on like how much mass and how high they are. And when they are like the same weight, so when the like surface, the one that drags where the  air pressure, I'm not sure where the drag reaches the same weight, it reaches terminal  velocity. And then I also remember the parachute, they were talking about how it saved us I think? And then we fall down and then, yeah, you know, yeah. Oh, they also talked about  yeah, the Galileo and then the terminal velocity theory. They have a lot of specific like words.  I remember the apple. Yeah. I think that's it. So that's it.