 Okay, so the video was a physics video that was basically about gravity versus air resistance  and how those affect terminal velocity and the people that put on the video demonstrated  that by recreating an experiment I've seen a few times, I mean it's like a classic, is the  dropping things, I think they dropped everything from the same height, they didn't test different  height to checks if one of the bigger items would have hit terminal velocity, but basically dropping  different items from like the top floor of a building to see which items with different masses,  different sizes, which one would hit the ground first. And they tested that with two different  basketballs, different sized watermelons, a watermelon versus lemon, and a real golf ball versus a practice golf ball.  And like I said, they were essentially just trying to demonstrate how air resistance with  the course pushing upward, preventing the item from falling to the ground, how that interacts with gravity, which pushes down on the ball, and that's once, until those two things become, until those two things meet where they were at the same level, the item is going to keep accelerating, but once it does meet then it reaches its terminal velocity, and it'll keep falling, but it won't accelerate anymore, it'll go at a constant velocity. So they tested all of them,  and the results were essentially, like obviously some of them fall faster than others, and then  other ones didn't at all. Like I remember they did the two watermelons, and if I remember right,  the two watermelons, I think they hit the ground at the same time. Because they were both too heavy,  where neither of them reached their terminal velocity, and then I remember they did the large  basketball versus the smaller basketball, and the smaller basketball, if I remember right,  they hit the ground first, and they said that was because the larger basketball, even though they had the same,  or around the same mass, the larger basketball had a lot of bigger space, a larger item, and so air  resistance acted a lot stronger upon it, and so the smaller basketball hit the ground first,  and it had much less air resistance because of the smaller volume. And then the other one I think they did was the,  they did the lemon versus the watermelon. And in that one, so lemon started off a lot faster,  it got a quicker start, but because of its smaller mass it reached terminal velocity faster also,  the watermelon never hit terminal velocity. Ao the lemon hit terminal velocity pretty close to when they started it,  and once it stopped accelerating, by the time that the two were able to get towards the ground, the watermelon was about the same, it hit at about the same time as the lemon did because the watermelon continued to accelerate,  while the lemon hit terminal velocity until it stopped accelerating.  Outside of that, let's see, they talked about that they pretty much related this to terminal velocity,  they also had several times an experiment where there was a delay between one item being dropped and the other item being dropped,  so they were able to correct for that really well, but that did end up consistently being a pair of things that happened,  they ended up having drops at different times, so they were able to correct for that.  I think that's about it.