 Okay, so basically the whole theme of the video was discussing how the force of gravity  and drag, like air resistance, is going to affect the speed at which an object falls  and how great it hits the ground. So they were doing experiments with two different objects,  like dropping them from the same height at the top of a building and then seeing which  one would fall first using a camera. It was like 30 frames per second, that camera.  So they used that to figure it out. So first they dropped two watermelons of different sizes.  One of the watermelons was like 12 pounds and the other was about 6.  And so they dropped them both from the top of the building.  And they were dropped at slightly different times, which is true for a lot of the objects,  but they just corrected to that using the camera. So they dropped them both.  And I don't really understand why the watermelons fell at the same time and hit so close,  like they kind of hit at the same time. But the two watermelons hit at about the same time  and in the explanation they were saying two seconds isn't really great enough time to be  experiencing that. I think that's what they said. But the watermelons hit at the same time  and they said something about how the smaller watermelon has smaller inertia,  which would mean that it takes less force to get it going, I suppose.  And it also felt like it had a smaller force of gravity acting on it because it is smaller.  Yeah, it weighs less. But neither of them had time to reach thermal losses either,  so they kept on accelerating. So they hit at the same time, if I don't realize.  But the next one, it dropped two basketballs, which are both the same weight, but different sizes.  And so the smaller basketball hit the ground first because since it was smaller,  it had less air resistance. Like it didn't have as much drag because the surface area was smaller,  so it was coming in contact with fewer air particles and molecules.  So the bigger basketball did reach its terminal velocity, so eventually it came to,  it started, like it stopped accelerating, so it just reached constant terminal velocity.  But the smaller basketball was just speeding up, so that's why the smaller one hit the ground first  because it was blowing faster. It was still speeding up with the acceleration of gravity.  But the net forces on the big basketball had evened out so it had stopped accelerating  because the air resistance had become equal to the force of gravity.  And then, what did they do next? They did a golf ball and then a whiffle ball,  if they were calling it the practice ball. So they dropped them both, also from the height of the building,  and the practice ball slowed down pretty quickly.  Yeah, it reached its terminal velocity pretty quickly because it was a lot lighter than the golf ball.  So there was a smaller force of gravity acting on it so it didn't take as much air resistance for them to equal out  and cause the net forces to be zero, so it would stop accelerating.  So the golf ball hit the ground a lot faster than the practice ball.  So that was just another demonstration of how, in that case, mass was affecting how quickly an object can reach its terminal velocity.  So the practice ball hit first.  And then they did one last experiment, I think it was with a big watermelon and then a lemon.  So obviously two things were very different sizes.  So in that one, it was a little bit interesting because the watermelon was falling...  I'm trying to remember what happened.  The watermelon was falling pretty quickly. They were both falling at the same time.  One of them started falling faster.  So I guess the lemon was falling faster at first because...  Wait, I think I mix them.  Oh, I don't know. One of them fell faster at first, but then the other one reached its terminal velocity.  So then the one that was behind in the race, I think you could call it, very catching up.  So they hit at...I think it was exactly the same time, actually.  2.33 seconds. Doesn't matter.  But I guess the...I think the lemon would have reached its terminal velocity first,  so I don't know why it would have been falling faster at first.  Because the watermelon was so much heavier, so it should have been...  But then it has...I don't understand what they were saying about inertia.  I'm really confused. I've always been confused by inertia and momentum.  And then there was a review, so they were saying that the net forces on an object are equal to Earth's falling object.  If you get to its mass...  Well, okay, the net force downwards specifically on a falling object in Earth's atmosphere  is to get to its weight minus the drag force.  And the weight is just going to be affected by obviously how much it weighs.  But then the drag force, the faster something is going, the larger the drag is going to be  because it's coming into contact with more air particles, I guess.  And then also the size, like the surface area, is going to affect that as well.  The larger the surface area, the more air resistance there will be  because it's coming into contact with more particles.  So, yeah, it'll be force downwards is weight minus air resistance.  And then while something is speeding up, the air resistance is going to get greater.  So the object will continue accelerating until the air resistance becomes equal  to the force of gravity pulling downward on the object.  So then the net force becomes zero, so that means it just stops accelerating.  So then it reaches terminal velocity, so that's just the velocity will continue falling forward during that  until it stops at something.  Yeah, I think that's pretty much it.  That's all I can remember.