 Okay, these physics videos sort of demonstrated the concepts of how fast different objects  fall, depending on the rate of forces of gravity pulling them down, and the acceleration of  gravity, which works against the air resistance acting on the object, kind of pushing it back  up.  So, it sort of demonstrated that by comparing different objects as they fall, they dropped  them from kind of other story of a building.  They compared two different sized melons falling, they compared a large watermelon and a lemon  falling, and they compared two different sized basketballs falling.  The concepts they were trying to get at, were sort of the force of pulling it down is equal  to the acceleration of gravity, which is constant, multiplied by the mass of the object.  So, a larger object is going to have more force pulling it down because it has a higher  mass, but it's going to have the same acceleration throughout from gravity. And then the force  acting up is the air resistance, and kind of an object with a larger surface area is  going to have more air resistance, obviously.  Yeah, so, in the videos, you could see that the larger object was going to have more air  resistance pushing it back up, and they kind of did a freeze frame stop and go of the video  to see how at different spots in the fall, different objects were at different points.  So, you could kind of see at different points in the fall where which object was going faster  or accelerating faster.  So, in the lemon versus the watermelon video, you could see the lemon initially was falling  faster than the watermelon, sort of because it had that less drag at first, but then by  time they both hit the ground, the watermelon was actually moving faster than the lemon,  and they kind of hit the ground at the same time.  The same sort of concepts could be applied to the other two videos, where you have different  surface areas, leading to different drag pushing the object back up.  So, yeah, initially you're going to have more, um  I'm sorry, initially you're going to have  less drag pushing the balls back up, and as they get faster, that air resistance increases  because they're often going to push through more air.  And also, a larger basketball, compared to a smaller basketball, is going to have a larger  surface area, so it's going to have more drag pushing it up, especially as you increase  the speed.  And yeah, that sort of got showed in the videos.  Yeah, they also showed the equations for the different forces, which is sort of interesting.  So the force pulling it down by gravity was equal to the mass of the object times the  acceleration of gravity, and the acceleration of gravity is constant, but the mass depends  on the mass of the object, obviously, so a larger object is going to have more force  to pull it down.  Yeah, and then the air resistance force, the equation for that was, it was a little bit  more complicated, I can't recall exactly how it went, but sort of the variables it entailed  were the speed of the object, the density of the air and stuff, so you could sort of  see that as the velocity of the object increased, also the air resistance was going to increase  with it.  I guess the underlying cause behind that is because there's more air to go through.  Yeah, I'll just kind of go back to the videos that they showed, so that was  sort of evident in..they compared the video of the two basketballs falling.  One basketball might fall faster at first due to having less drag at first.  And it'll reach its terminal velocity faster than the other one, but then the other one  might have a higher terminal velocity, but reach it slower.  Yeah.