 This video had various experiments where they were dropping objects off of a building and  measuring how fast they fell.  So first they dropped two watermelons which had similar density but one was larger than  the other.  And they fell at nearly identical speeds or they hit the ground at the same time.  Which is because the watermelons have such a great mass, it's going to take a while to reach terminal  velocity ,where the force of air resistance is equal to the force of gravity, which in the net force is  zero so the object has no net acceleration and then involved at a constant speed.  But because the force of gravity is mass times acceleration, the force of gravity is so great for the watermelon that umm air resistance was negligible so...they fell at the same speed. It then dropped two basketballs which were about the same mass, but one was larger in  diameter.  And the one with the greater diameter fell more slowly, because it had greater air resistance, air resistance is based on velocity and surface area or cross sectional area.  So because it had a greater area, the air resistance was greater and so there was more  drag force canceling out partially the force due to gravity.  Next they dropped a golf ball and a whistle ball or practice ball.  And these objects had pretty much the same diameter but different masses.  And the golf ball which is heavier hit the ground first.  And it's because the whistle ball reached terminal velocity much earlier because it  has a smaller mass, so the force of gravity has a smaller magnitude.  And so the air resistance doesn't need to be as great to equal the force of gravity  and cancel each other out.  So it reached terminal velocity sooner than the golf ball.  And so the golf ball continued to accelerate while the whistle ball had already reached  terminal velocity.  And then finally the scientists dropped a lemon and a watermelon and they reached the  ground at about the same time.  But the lemon actually was moving faster at first and then the watermelon caught up to  it.  And this is because the lemon at first was experiencing less air resistance when the  velocity was lower, because it had a smaller area.  So the watermelon was experiencing more drag.  But because the lemon had a smaller mass than the watermelon it has a lesser force due to  gravity.  And so the air resistance is able to cancel out gravity sooner and so it reached the terminal  velocity sooner than the watermelon.  And so although the lemon was ahead of the watermelon it stopped accelerating while the  watermelon continued accelerating and caught up to it.