 All righty, so the lecture started with them dropping different objects from the same height  and seeing which would hit the ground first.  So they started with two watermelon, a big watermelon, and a little skinny watermelon,  well not skinny, just a smaller watermelon, and the bigger watermelon hit the ground first.  Then they moved on to doing it with basketballs, so a big,  like standard size basketball, and a smaller basketball.  And the bigger basketball hit the ground first.  And then they did it with, I think, it was an apple and a lemon,  and I think the apple hit the ground first, but I'm not entirely sure it was an apple.  And so they went on then to explain the different forces that act on a falling object.  So there's gravity, which is the weight of the object.  So gravity is the weight of the object because it takes into account its mass,  and also its acceleration, and then there's also the air resistance, which is the kind  of force of friction pulling back on the object, so it's the force of resistance.  And so then they explained that these two forces are kind of acting together on an object,  and because the object's mass is taken into its calculations for its weight or its gravity,  that's why the bigger object hits the ground first,  but also when the object hits its terminal velocity,  that means that it's not accelerating anymore, and a bigger object, or no,  a smaller object I think reaches its terminal velocity faster,  but I'm not entirely sure about that. And.. so then they also talked about, let's see,  they also, then they replayed the videos with the watermelon  and the basketballs many times over. And we're talking about reaching this terminal velocity,  and so when you reach the terminal velocity, that's when you're not accelerating more,  and you're moving at a constant speed, and I forget what they said about the terminal velocity.  I forget if there's the force of, or like the air resistance is still acting  on the object then, I don't remember about that....Um..  Yeah, and let's see, the air resistance, um... air resistance is important on the object.  Let's see, they played the videos again and again. Um... Let's see, that's really all I can remember...  Yeah. I think I'm done, but I can try and describe a little bit more,... let's see, the biggest thing I remember  from the video are the demonstrations with the watermelons and the balls, oh,  and they also did like a ping pong ball and like a play ball and a golf ball I think,  and they saw which one hit the ground first, obviously the one with the more mass,  but I think if those objects were in a vacuum, then they would hit the ground at the same time  because the force of gravity wouldn't be working on them.  I could be wrong about that though... and.. let's see, so it really is all  about the mass of the object definitely, thinking about that.  The video also started with I think the lecturer in an apple field,  because I think he was describing how he came to Isaac Newton  when an apple fell either next to him or on his head, but I don't know,  if that was an important part of the video, I just know that he started in an apple field.  Yeah, and let's see, there was an illustration of an apple in the last video  and it had a bunch of different arrows showing the different forces that acted  on the apple, as it was falling, so like I said, gravitational force or its weight,  and we know that the gravitational force is going to be accelerating at the speed  of gravity which is 9.8 meters per second squared, and then I don't remember