 Okay, so in this video, there was like a physics, it was a physics video, where a couple of men were attempting to recreate kind of a theory or an experiment that they said Galileo had done.  Which I believe is the leaning tower of Pisa.  And the whole experiment was focused on taking objects of different masses and sizes and dropping them from certain heights and seeing how long it takes to touch the ground.  So I think they did four different experiments.  The first experiment was with watermelons. One was a bigger watermelon and then one was a smaller watermelon.  And these two people released the watermelons from, I don't know, maybe like the fifth floor of the building, fourth floor of the building.  And they didn't really release them at the same exact time, but then that was corrected for in the data analysis.  But regardless, the idea with these watermelons of two different sizes was that they landed on the ground at the same time.  And so then in the next experiment, they had two basketballs.  Again, one was like a larger basketball and one was a smaller basketball that I think they said was like a sixth of the size.  And in this experiment, they dropped them from the same heights as the watermelons.  Again, they didn't really release them at the same time, which was a little confusing, but they kind of corrected that after the fact.  And in this experiment, the smaller basketball reached the ground quicker than the bigger basketball.  Then the next experiment, let's see, oh, it was a golf ball and something they were calling a practice ball, which is essentially like a wiffle ball, I think.  It was just a hollow plastic ball with holes in it.  And they dropped the golf ball and the wiffle ball at the same size, but vastly different masses.  And the golf ball reached the ground much earlier than the wiffle ball.  And then I think the last experiment, this is a watermelon, but it could have been perhaps a basketball, and a lemon. And they dropped the two of those.  And this one was kind of interesting because the lemon started out falling faster than the larger object, I think the watermelon.  But then somewhere about halfway through the descent, the larger object, the watermelon, caught up and ended up hitting the ground much faster than the lemon.  So those were the four experiments, and they did the experiments and then they kind of showed the numbers associated with the falls.  And then they kind of made the conclusions off of that. So they did that four times, that little pattern, three-step pattern.  And basically what all their conclusions came down to was this idea of gravitational force and air resistance.  And so gravitational force is related to the mass of an object and the gravitational field, I guess.  And air resistance is largely related to the surface area of the object.  And then there was this concept that the terminal velocity is reached when the gravitational force and the air resistance are the same and like perfectly cancel each other out.  And then so that terminal velocity means that there's no like change in acceleration.  It's just like going the speed it's going and it's not going to go any faster.  So then their conclusions that they drew from these four experiments, like basically they were showing those concepts.  But for example, like with the first experiment with the watermelon, their takeaway from that was that both the watermelons are quite heavy, they have a large mass.  And so despite their different size, neither of them ever reached their terminal velocity, and thus they like landed on the ground at the same time.  Conversely with the basketball, the takeaway was that the large basketball and the small basketball have like similar masses but very different surface areas.  And so the larger basketball had a larger surface area, which meant there was greater air resistance, which meant that it like fell slower, so the smaller basketball landed on the ground first.  And so that was another one of their little concepts.  Let's see, with the next experiment of the golf ball, with that one... technically they were the same size, so their surface area was the same, so their air resistance was the same.  But the real golf ball, as opposed to like the hollow plastic golf ball, the real golf ball had a much greater mass, and so that fell a lot faster than the smaller dude, oh than the lighter dude.  And then with the last one, that was the lemon versus the watermelon or basketball, I think the lemon reached its terminal velocity, so it like started falling quite fast, it didn't have much surface area, so the air resistance wasn't that much, so it was going fast at the beginning,  but it's pretty small and pretty light, so it quickly really reached its terminal velocity, whereas conversely the larger heavier object, it took longer in the beginning to like get moving to accelerate,  so it was slower at the beginning, but then it just kept, because of its larger mass, it just kept accelerating and accelerating and accelerating, and then surpassed the lemon.  Yeah, so that was I think just about all that they talked about, in the end they did kind of a conclusion or like a wrap up of what I just said, and yeah, that was that.