 Okay, so this was a series of physics lectures explaining the topic of the motion of rolling objects.  The two key players here are the forces of the gravitational force, or weight, and air resistance, or drag.  These depend on the properties of the object itself.  They act in opposite directions, so gravitational force will always cause an object to accelerate downward towards the Earth, and air resistance will always resist that gravitational force.  Gravitational force is pretty straightforward in that the inertia of an object is always proportional to the force,  meaning that regardless of an object's mass, it will always have the same acceleration due to gravity.  However, the force itself is going to be different, which will come into play when we come to the topic of the term of velocity.  And then, in contrast, air resistance is going to depend on the properties of the object heavily, as well as its motion itself,  because it's sort of a frictional force that occurs when an object is coming into contact with air molecules that resist its motion.  So, therefore, air resistance is proportional to the speed of the object, as well as the surface area that's in contact with the air.  This means that the air resistance on an object will increase throughout its pull,  and when the two forces of gravitation and air resistance are equal to each other, it will reach what we call terminal velocity,  and then the net force will be zero, and it will stop accelerating.  So, we see this come into play in a few different experiments throughout the series of lectures.  First, we had two watermelons, a large watermelon and a small watermelon.  They have different diameters, different mass too, and we drop them, and you see they fall at the same time, same speed.  This is because their gravitational forces are both big enough so that air resistance is essentially neglectable, negligible in this case,  because the air resistance is small compared to the force of gravity itself.  So, they don't even get close to reaching terminal velocity. Air resistance never really means a lot.  Then we have two basketballs, and one is, they're the same weight, one is larger and one is smaller, and they're both pretty light.  So, here, air resistance is actually a factor.  Gravitational forces are the same on both, you know, acceleration due to gravity is the same on both,  but the larger basketball has a greater surface area, and that means it has more air resistance that slow it down,  and therefore the small basketball falls more quickly.  We also have a golf ball and a golf practice ball.  Now, the explanation here is that the golf practice ball is lighter, and therefore it reaches its terminal velocity faster,  because since the force of gravity is overall less, the air resistance meets that gravitational force quicker,  and so it has a lower terminal velocity.  I would postulate also, though, and this wasn't mentioned in the video, that since the practice ball is perforated, it has holes, and it has an effectively greater surface area, making the air resistance itself greater,  because it has more surface in contact with the air.  But that wasn't mentioned, that's just a theory based on the material.  And finally, we have a drop involving a large watermelon and a lemon, which is a smaller object.  And this is a pretty interesting test case that pretty much demonstrates all of the different factors involved here.  So, the result is that they end up falling at the same time.  And this is interesting because not only do they have very different masses,  also different diameters, different properties altogether,  but it just turns out that the watermelon initially falls more slowly.  And this is because at the start of the fall, the lemon has less drag, less air resistance,  because of its lower surface area.  So it will fall just a bit faster.  The acceleration due to gravity unfolds at the same, because again,  the gravity is proportional to the inertia.  But at one point, you see that the lemon reaches its terminal velocity,  and that's because it has a lower gravitational force.  So as falling, it will more suddenly reach its terminal velocity  than the watermelon, which continues to accelerate downward.  And this means that essentially the watermelon catches up with the lemon,  and they end up both falling, hitting the ground at the same time.