 All right, so these videos consisted of physics experiments in which a variety  of objects were dropped from a building at a constant height.  These objects included fruits, including watermelons and lemons, as well as basketballs  and golf balls, one of which was a practice ball.  So the intent of these videos was to explain a few key concepts that affect an object's motion  when it's traveling downwards or falling, and these include gravitational force,  or weight, the downard force that drives an object's motion, as well as drag or air resistance,  which is a counteracting force acting in the opposite direction as an object falls  and effectively slowing down its motion.  The first experiment consisted of two watermelons of different masses  that were dropped from a building.  They fell at about the same time because although the larger watermelon has more mass, and therefore has more of a gravitational force, it also has more inertia,  more resistance to acceleration, so potentially the gravity provides a constant acceleration,  regardless of mass on those objects.  And then there's also air resistance acting, but it's negligible in this case, because both  of the objects are quite heavy and have a quite high gravitational force, so they were not able to be significantly affected by air resistance because the time of fall was so short.  The next one was a couple of basketballs, and in this case,  the basketballs were not as heavy as the watermelons, so air resistance was actually at play, and since the larger basketball has more area, and air resistance is proportional  to both velocity and surface area, the larger basketball actually fell, I believe more slowly because the forces of gravitation were, the acceleration due  to gravitation was the same, but the air resistance was more effective on the basketball.  Then we had a golf ball and then a practice ball, which, so the practice ball was lighter.  The practice ball ended up falling more slowly, in this case because it was lighter  and since both of the objects had relatively.... both of the objects had relatively similar areas,  so air resistance was an identical factor, but in this case the practice ball reached terminal  velocity, because its force of gravitation was not as great, so it more quickly reached  that terminal velocity and stopped falling, or, sorry, it didn't stop falling,  but stopped gaining in speed, I suppose.  We also had a watermelon and a lemon, and in this case, both of them hit the ground  at approximately the same time, but the situation was different in that the watermelon, I believe, initially was falling for everything.  The lemon was initially falling faster, but it reached its terminal velocity at that time,  and this is because initially the drag force of both of the objects were at play,  but the drag force on the watermelon was stronger than the lemon  because it has more surface area.  However, since the gravitational force on the watermelon is higher,  it did not reach its terminal velocity in that period.  Same case as the previous experiment where neither of the two watermelons  that were dropped previously reached their terminal velocities,  in that case air resistance was mostly negligible, so carrying that over here, we have an air  resistance that is at play, but since the lemon has less of a gravitational force acting  on it, it does reach its terminal velocity.  So throughout the experiment we see air resistance leading that gravitational force  and the lemon reaching its terminal velocity, so while it initially does fall faster  because of the air resistance on the watermelon being higher,  the fact that it reaches its terminal velocity during this flight means  that they hit the ground at approximately the same time, because the lemon reaches its terminal  velocity midway through its fall, and the watermelon does not.  It continues to accelerate.  So to summarize, these experiments provided a variety  of scenarios involving air resistance or drag and gravitational force or weight  and illustrated the concept of terminal velocity where these two forces are equal  to each other and showed how various factors like mass of the object  and surface area come into play when they're falling.