 So during this experiment, those basically... like... what is his name... Dr. Turner and he and like other you were at this building recreating a like Galileo's experiment  where Galileo basically like drops cannonballs off of a leaning tower of Pisa.  So in this experiment, we tested a bunch of things, to see what like the effect was,  what effected how quickly something like dropped to the ground from the building.  The first test was done on two watermelons.  There was a bigger watermelon that was like, I think it was like about 12 pounds, and a smaller watermelon that was like five or six pounds.  A smaller watermelon also had a smaller like diameter compared to the bigger watermelon.  And so they dropped both of those.  It was kind of hard to tell with your eye in person what actually happened, due to like the fact  that basically like, there could be like differences in when each thing was dropped that could then  in turn like look like more drastic differences in the type that they actually fell.  So to kind of negate this, they had like slower frame by frame videos that you could watch  to like see how fast each thing actually dropped and how long it took it to reach the ground.  So looking at those videos, you could see with the watermelons that they actually fell,  accelerated about the same, took the same amount of time to reach the ground  and had like similar velocities at the end.  And this was due to the fact that even though the bigger watermelon had more mass,  they also had more inertia going like upward in the opposite direction.  So that kind of like the mass and the inertia like pushed through your gravity inertia.  Those two like, kind of cancelled each other out so that the, or like the bigger mass  and the inertia cancelled each other out.  So that the bigger watermelon and smaller watermelon ended up falling at like the same.  With the same acceleration and took them the same amount of time to reach the ground.  And there was also, the next experiment was two basketballs, one with a smaller diameter  and one with a larger diameter and both of those were dropped.  And for these, looking at the video, the smaller basketball was faster to reach the ground  and the larger basketball and this is different than the watermelon.  Because in this, the basketballs are both lighter than the watermelons.  So air resistance is more of a factor.  The watermelons, they were much heavier and air resistance was kind of negligible  because the watermelons, due to their mass, had like so much momentum.  But here with the basketballs, it's not, their air resistance is not negligible  and basically what happens is the smaller basketball has less surface area  while the bigger basketball has more surface area, and because of the larger surface area,  the bigger basketball experiences more air resistance than the smaller basketball.  Because of this, the smaller basketball, like the larger, like upward force on the bigger basketball  and the smaller basketball is able to like basically accelerate more and reach the ground faster.  And then another test was done with two golf balls.  One was a real golf ball, one was a practice golf ball that was lighter.  These two, same surface area, same size, but the real golf ball had more mass than the smaller one  and basically what happened here, was the smaller golf ball took longer to reach the ground,  or not the, sorry, the lighter, like, balls took longer to reach the ground  while the real golf ball, which was heavier, reached the ground first.  And this is because, well, they experienced the same amount of, like,  so basically what happened is air resistance, because the golf ball,  because the practice ball was lighter, the effect of air resistance on it was greater,  which like they kind of had the same air resistance acting on them at first.  And because the practice ball was lighter, this meant that the force of air resistance  on this, like, acceleration was like basically greater and it slowed down more due to air resistance.  The heavier golf ball had, like, more momentum because it's larger mass.  So the air resistance effect was much greater.  And one thing about air resistance is basically air resistance,  the things that affect air resistance are speed and surface area.  So air resistance on objects will actually increase as their velocity increases.  So what we saw happen with the lighter golf ball eventually reached its terminal velocity,  which is when the air resistance force upward is equal to the force of gravity downward,  and the ball stops accelerating and goes at a constant velocity.  So what we saw here is that the lighter ball reached that terminal velocity  and stopped accelerating, while the golf ball continued to accelerate for longer,  because of its, like, mass.  Anyways, then another thing that was done, another test,  the last one was a lemon compared to a watermelon, the larger watermelon.  And what we saw here was that the lemon started out faster,  but then it reached its terminal velocity and the watermelon was able to keep up with it,  because the watermelon continued to accelerate.  And, yeah, the lemon reached its terminal velocity because of its, like,  lighter mass, which meant that the force of air resistance on it had a bigger effect  and it reached its terminal velocity earlier.  The watermelon never reached its terminal velocity on a bigger building it might have  because a longer, long distance it might have eventually reached its terminal velocity,  but with this size building it never reached its terminal velocity and continued to accelerate,  which is why it caught up with the lemon.