 So the video was a group of people trying to review Galileo's experiment  where he dropped a bunch of things from the Tower of Pisa.  To recreate the experiment they had a set of objects that were dropped in pairs.  The first was two watermelons, one of them bigger than the other,  and they found that the watermelons fell at the exact same time.  The second pair of objects that were dropped were a small basketball and a large basketball,  and they were supposed to have the same mass but they had different diameters,  hence they had different surface areas, and they found that the basketball  with the larger surface area dropped first or dropped after the small basketball.  And the third set was two golf balls, one of them was a regular golf ball  and the other was like a practice golf ball.  And the fourth set of objects that were dropped were the watermelon and the lemon,  and they found that they dropped at approximately the same time.  The three key concepts that which explained throughout the dropping experiments were  the gravitational force or the weight of the object, the second was air resistance  and the third was terminal velocity.  Gravitational force is basically the weight of the object,  so heavier objects experience more gravitational force, but they fall  at the same acceleration due to gravity, which is actually not determined  by the weight, but by the earth mass.  And the second concept was air resistance. And air resistance is proportional  to velocity and surface area.  So when an object is initially dropped, the most dominant force is the weight,  it's the gravitational force, and as the velocity of the object being dropped increases,  the air resistance increases, and there comes a point  where the air resistance completely balances the gravitational force, and the speed  or the velocity of the object at this balancing point is called the terminal velocity.  And after the object reaches the terminal velocity, it stops accelerating and it falls  at this constant terminal velocity.  So for the two watermelons, these two are still massive and they have a lot of inertia,  they're actually unable to, they're unable to reach their terminal velocity  so they just keep accelerating the entire time of their flight, so they all at the same time  or at the same rate because they've been under the influence of gravity the entire time,  and the air resistance just hasn't been important, it's actually negligible.  And the second case, since the basketballs are not very massive as compared to the watermelons,  the larger basketball has a greater surface area, so it's able to reach its terminal velocity,  and it stops accelerating and it's kind of just close down. While the small basketball doesn't reach  the terminal velocity because it doesn't experience as much air resistance.  So it's still accelerating when it hits the ground before the large basketball.  For the third, the golf balls, the regular practice golf ball has greater weight  and while the smaller, while the practice golf ball has less weight. They start out by accelerating under the force of gravity, but then the smaller  or the practice golf ball sort of reaches terminal velocity before and it just drops,  while the practice golf ball keeps accelerating and it falls under the force of gravity.  For the watermelon and the lemon, the lemon is much less massive,  so it reaches its terminal velocity, and it's kind of posting down at that velocity  while the watermelon is still accelerating.  So even though the lemon reaches its terminal velocity a lot before the watermelon,  since the watermelon is falling under the force of gravity the entire time, it sort of catches up  and they end up falling at the same time.  The air resistance is also considered like a drag force so it, there's this graph  which kind of shows the force of gravity and air resistance over the flight time.  The force of gravity is constant throughout and the air resistance is the sort of upward curve  that increases with the flight time, which basically increases with the velocity of the object, and it kind of relates to what was shown in the previous part of the video,  where they had a parachute and then you have your hand sort of outside the window, and when you're in a parachute what it basically does is it increases the air resistance  by giving it a larger surface area, so you tend to fall slower which is good for a parachute,  not good in all the other situations.  Finally, they kind of discussed how the watermelon falling example would change  if it had a longer flight time, or if these objects would drop from a higher building  , and what I would mean is it would give the watermelon more time to reach their terminal velocity,  because they would be under the influence of air resistance for a longer time. And once  that happens they can reach their terminal velocity and depending on which watermelon reaches  the terminal velocity before we would see a difference in their flight time.