So I watched a video on Newtonian physics, it was a video that helped explain why certain  falling objects fall at the speed in which they do.  It compared multiple household objects including watermelons, golf balls, whiffle balls, and  basketballs.  They compared a large watermelon to a small watermelon, I believe the bigger watermelon  weighed about 12 pounds, while the smaller watermelon weighed about 6 pounds, so about  half of the size.  They also did a basketball, a smaller basketball, the smaller basketball was roughly a sixth  of the size of a larger basketball.  And then they compared, oh I also forgot, they compared a small lemon to, I think also  the watermelon, and then they compared a golf ball to a practice golf ball.  They were both the same volume, but the golf ball was obviously a lot heavier than the  whiffle ball because it has a perforated hole in it.  They dropped these balls from a height, this building looked like it was about four stories  I would say, and they dropped them, we saw them in naked eye speed, but then they slowed  them down using a slow-mo camera.  They explain that human beings can only see pictures at about 20 to 30 frames per second  I believe, so when they compile framed pictures in a fast enough format, humans believe they're  just seeing a continuous motion video, and that's how videos are created by images that  are just spliced together, so they slow-mode it, they first drop the larger watermelon  versus the smaller watermelon, and they tell it about the same speed, which to me at least  was not what I expected, and they explain that there's two forces acting on a falling  object, the first is gravity, which is acting in a downward direction.  Gravity is roughly equivalent to the, or it is equivalent to the weight of the object.  There's also air resistance, which is acting upward, so it's counteracting the force of  gravity, and this is, it relies on both the weight of the object, or the mass of the object  and the surface area, so the reason that the larger watermelon versus smaller watermelon  fell at the same exact speed is that their weight, meaning their gravities, were so much  stronger than the force of air resistance, so air resistance really couldn't slow down  the weight, and they fell at roughly the same acceleration, therefore the same velocity.  They then dropped the larger basketball versus smaller basketball and found the same thing,  that they did not, they fell at the same speed, because again, the weights were too big, and  the surface area is too small for air resistance to counteract gravity, but the interesting  thing is when they did the large watermelon versus the small lemon, the lemon fell at  a much slower speed, and this is because the lemon is a lot less heavy, it has a much smaller  weight, so it actually reached to the point where the air resistance is equal to gravity.  At this point, the net force acting on the object is zero, because the weight in the  downward direction is equal to the air resistance in the upward direction, so the object is  not accelerating, meaning its velocity is not changing, so the velocity stays constant  throughout the rest of the fall. When the force is equal to zero, and the object stops  accelerating, this is a concept called terminal velocity. So the lemon, to summarize, reached  the terminal velocity, while the larger watermelon did not. They also looked at the golf ball  and the whiffle ball, and the golf ball fell at a much faster rate than the whiffle ball,  which is very similar to the lemon. The whiffle ball has a very tiny weight, meaning the air  resistance reached the point of gravity very quickly, very early on. Another thing I have  to mention is that air resistance increases as the velocity of an object increases, so  they show a video of someone putting their hand outside of a moving automobile, and you  may feel more air resistance when you are moving in a faster speed, or you are going  to move at 25 miles per hour. There will be a lot more force acting on your hand in the  backward direction, which is the air resistance force, than if you were driving at 10 miles  per hour. So as objects speed up, the air resistance slowly increases. This is why it  takes a little time. To reach terminal velocity, obviously for the lemon and the whiffle ball,  there was enough time between the fall from the three-story building to reach the terminal  velocity, but for larger objects that we saw, like the watermelons and the basketballs,  the time from the three-story building to the floor was not enough to reach terminal  velocity, obviously, so it just kept accelerating, meaning its velocity kept increasing until  it hit the ground. Throughout this all, the presenters showed a video of a person skydiving,  and obviously there is a huge connection between skydiving and these falling objects. A skydiver  is an object falling with a force of gravity equivalent to the person's weight, and the  air resistance is a force reliant on the weight of the person as well as their surface area.  So a person will reach terminal velocity, again it will slowly fall from the airplane,  and then as the velocity increases, the air resistance is increasing as well, until a  point where the force of gravity equals the force of air resistance, and the person is  still falling obviously, but they're falling at the same velocity, so they're not speeding  up or they're not accelerating. Obviously then when you release your parachute, the  parachute has a huge surface area, meaning the air resistance is going to be a really,  really strong force. They didn't go into this specifically, but I was just thinking, when  you release your parachute, obviously a person is not going to keep falling at the really  same speed that they're falling at. They're eventually going to start slowing down to  a point where their velocity becomes almost zero, and that's when they hit the ground  safely. So it's a point where the air resistance actually, I guess is stronger than the force  of gravity, meaning they are decelerating, or they're accelerating at a negative number  that the velocity is actually decreasing.