 So the video covered a couple of different experiments to analyze the way objects fall  in relation to air resistance, so the first experiment involved a, dropping a large, yeah,  dropping a large watermelon and a small watermelon. And the two fell at the same speed,  because they had, they were both relatively heavy,  so neither of them reached terminal velocity before they hit the ground.  And since without the input of terminal velocity,  objects fall at the same speed on the same acceleration, they both hit the ground  at about the same time, regardless of the fact that one was a little heavier  and a little larger than the other. And then in the second experiment,  they dropped two basketballs, one larger than one small one, and the small one ended  up falling at a little more, like a little more quickly, a little more quickly, because it had a smaller surface area, and the fact that the basketballs were a little lighter  than the watermelons, drag was more of an influence relative to their weight,  so the larger basketball had a larger surface area, and therefore had more drag  on preventing this fall, so the smaller basketball fell at a higher rate, a faster rate. And then in the last experiment, they dropped a watermelon and a lemon next to each other,  and what ended up happening was the lemon started out falling more rapidly,  because it had a smaller surface area, and the watermelon had a larger surface area,  so it started out falling a little more slowly. However,  the lemon reached terminal velocity more quickly, because it had a smaller weight,  and the watermelon ended up catching up because it was not able to reach terminal velocity,  whereas since the lemon was lighter, it reached terminal velocity faster,  and so they ended up hitting the ground at the same time because the watermelon caught up.  Now these experiments all illustrate some physics concepts, such as an object in free fall has two main forces acting on it in the Earth's atmosphere,  which are the air resistance or drag, and gravity. And gravity is constant on any object  in free fall, the force is, throughout the entire duration of the fall, however,  it exerts a higher force on objects with more mass, and this force is known as weight,  and air resistance varies based on surface area,  so the their surface area indicates greater air resistance. Ao in order for an object to reach terminal velocity, the force of weight  and the force of air resistance have to be the same,  and gravity force remains constant on an object throughout the site of free fall,  so the air resistance increases with velocity, and so as the object accelerates down towards the ground,  the velocity increases, and therefore the air resistance increases,  so this is a kind of an exponential curve, and once the air resistance has increased enough  to be the same amount as the force of gravity, the object will be at terminal velocity,  and it will be falling at a constant speed, so this means that if the force of gravity is less,  which would be because of the object having a lower mass, it would take less time  for the air resistance to reach the same level of force as gravity. So lighter objects will reach air resistance at a higher, more quickly,  lighter objects will reach terminal velocity more quickly. The same with objects  of higher surface area, because the air resistance will be greater,  so it will catch up to the gravity force more quickly.  So heavier objects will not reach terminal velocity as quickly,  because they have a higher mass, and therefore the air resistance has to increase  for a longer period of time, before it is equal to the gravity force.  And this is illustrated in the watermelon and lemon experiment,  because the lemon has a lighter weight, and therefore it reaches its terminal velocity  more quickly, because the air resistance on it is.... wait, back up,  so the lemon has a lighter weight, and therefore the gravity exerts on it is lower,  and thus when it's falling, the air resistance has to be at a lower,  has to exert a lower force before becoming equal to the gravity force.  And so it reaches terminal velocity faster, whereas the watermelon has a higher weight,  and therefore its gravity force is higher, and so the air resistance has to be higher  in order for it to reach terminal velocity, and so it ends up reaching terminal velocity  at a later point in time, so the lemon reaches terminal velocity similar to the watermelon,  and the watermelon ends up catching up with the lemon during their fall.