 Okay, so in the video we learned that there are two forces acting on every object,  and that was gravity and air resistance, and terminal velocities reached  when gravity and air resistance aren't equal.  So first we started by dropping a big watermelon and a small watermelon,  and the small watermelon was the sixth of the size of the big watermelon.  And when they dropped them, they hit the ground at the same time.  And this is because, number one, they were so big and had such great momentum  that air resistance was negligible, and also they didn't have enough time to fall  due to how great their mouth was, so they never reached terminal velocities.  And so they were traveling, they were accelerating at the same rate  because they never reached terminal velocity, which when you reach terminal velocity,  you have an acceleration of zero, so you're falling at a constant speed.  And so that's why they hit the ground at the same time.  And then after they dropped the big watermelon and the small watermelon,  they dropped a big basketball and a small basketball.  And I believe the small basketball was about half the size of the big basketball.  And when they dropped, the small basketball hit the ground first.  And this is due to the fact that there was greater air resistance on the big basketball,  and it was mentioned that they were about the same mass.  And so due to that increased air resistance on the big basketball,  the small basketball traveled faster and hit the ground first.  Next, they moved on and they dropped a waffle ball and a golf ball.  The golf ball hit the ground first due to the same reasons as the small basketball,  where there was greater air resistance on the wiffle ball.  And so the golf ball hit the ground first, and same with the golf ball  and the practice golf ball, that was similar as well.  But then they moved on and they dropped a lemon and a watermelon at the same time.  And this was particularly interesting because at first the lemon was falling faster  and then at the end they ended up hitting the ground at about the same time.  And that's because so the watermelon is larger and so obviously it has greater air resistance on it.  But the lemon was able to hit terminal velocity within the time frame that it dropped.  And so once the lemon hit terminal velocity, it wasn't accelerating anymore.  And so the watermelon was still accelerating because due to its mass,  it wasn't able to hit terminal velocity.  And so the watermelon and the lemon actually hit the ground at about the same time  due to the fact that the lemon stopped accelerating and the watermelon kept accelerating.  So it was able to, not overcome the air resistance,  but that became, it was still a faster.  But because the lemon wasn't accelerating, the air resistance didn't matter as much  and it made them hit the ground at the same time.  But not because the air resistance went away, it was just kind of,  the lemon hitting terminal velocity slowed down and evened the time field.  We also saw a skydiver who had hit terminal velocity  and the skydiver hit terminal velocity at about 120 meters per second squared.  Where, or no, it was 120 miles per hour, I think was the speed that it hit terminal velocity at.  But that's when the air resistance and the force due to gravity were even.  And air resistance can also be called drag.  But then at the end, I was shown an apple with arrows that demonstrated  force due to gravity, force due to air resistance.  But if you were to take air resistance away,  then force due to gravity would have obviously more of an effect  and then objects would not be able to reach terminal velocity in lieu of air resistance.  And so I believe that in a chamber without air resistance,  it would purely be based off of gravity and mass.  But they did the entire experiment based off of Galileo's famous experiment  where he dropped cannonballs from the Tower of Pisa.  And they also showed the watermelons in a graphic falling off the Tower of Pisa.  And had the watermelons had time to reach their terminal velocity,  it would have changed the outcome and they wouldn't have hit the ground at the same time.  And so I think the big watermelon would have hit the ground first  because the small watermelon would have reached terminal velocity before the big watermelon.  Or actually, maybe vice versa, because there was greater air resistance  on the bigger watermelon due to its surface area and size.  Then there was the small watermelon.  So for example, in the graphic that was drawn, there were two arrows pointing up  at the big watermelon and one pointing up at the small watermelon.
