 It started with the three videos, basketball, watermelon, and small balls, like tennis balls and a golf ball.  And then a lemon was in it too. And then they measured it when they dropped and...like  the forces that had with it are gravitational force and air resistance.  Air resistance is dependent on the surface area and the volume of the object. So it's like um... a bigger object will have more air resistance compared to a smaller object.  And I guess with that air resistance as well, that's becoming terminal velocity.  Because when terminal velocity hits, it allows...  Like for the watermelon examples, because one drops first, the smaller one drops first, but...  No, the smaller one hits first.  But it allows the other one to catch up because it hits terminal velocity at that point. It catches up and then they fall at the same time.  When air resistance was in effect there, originally I had thought that it would matter with the mass. But it was not the mass, it was the surface area and the volume, and then that determines when it falls.  And then there's also like, there was a graph I guess with measuring the terminal velocity and air resistance.  I don't know the relationship with it.  And then for the analysis, they also took into consideration the time.  Because they would fall at different times, so they took into consideration when this fall ends.  And then for gravitational force, I don't remember it talking much about the gravitational force.  But I guess from when it falls, that's when the gravitational force comes in.  And then it was saying something about like from the height it drops off originally,  there is no terminal velocity or air resistance.  But as it goes lower and it drops closer, that's when the terminal velocity hits.  And the air resistance hits before the terminal velocity.  And then also there was.... the graph and in the third video...  I don't know, I'm not sure in the third video, but yeah.... So in the first video, they had more objects dropping and there was an old man who was like,  basically he was giving out information.  And he more, I don't know, I remember the key terms of the terminal velocity, air resistance,  gravitational force... and I don't remember those two words.  But, oh, the watermelon thing, for the watermelon, it had a great effect.  Compared to, they were dropping both small and bigger items  and then comparing them two on like how they're dropped.  So that way like, I guess like mass, because they measured mass with it and also mass and other factors  that are currently when things fall.  And.... but, you know...hm...they had definition for terminal velocity.  It's like at a point where the constant velocity keeps falling  and then terminal velocity hits.  And then that's when the air resistance kind of.. is not there, it's not like not a factor there.  And then I was trying to get the definition for the terminal velocity, but I got confused....  And then for, and then for air resistance...hm...