 So in the video, there was a big professor who was trying to set different rates by which  different objects fall.  So he would have the various objects, such as big watermelons, small watermelons, a golf ball, a practice golf ball, a lemon, and other objects.  And he would try to test whether or not the objects of different masses and different  properties would fall from the building in the free fall at the same time.  And he had to consider certain variables when calculating a fall, such as the downward force  when the object falls, which is the gravity, which is affected by both mass and the gravitational  constant.  And then the upward force, or sorry, the gravitational force was considered the downward force because  it pulled the object downward once it was falling down from the building.  And then the upward force could be considered the drag force, or the drag force for air resistance, which is also dependent on the velocity of the object, so how fast it was  moving, and also the surface area of the object.  So the drag force would be greater if the object had a greater velocity or it was falling faster.  Or it could also have a greater surface area if it was rising. And the net force on the object in this free fall, like after falling from the building,  would be calculated by subtracting the free fall, or the gravitational force balance minus  the drag force upward, which would be gravity minus the air resistance.  So that's technically the net force, which is F. And if the net force is positive,  meaning that gravity is stronger, then the object would be accelerating, so it would  continue to get faster.  But if the net force is zero, that means there's no force acting on the object at all. So that means it also does not accelerate at all.  So that means it reached terminal velocity, which at that point means the force of gravity  is equal to the air resistance or drag force that pushes upwards.  So when those two things are equal, the object does not accelerate at all.  And that's the object's terminal velocity, so it doesn't get any faster.  And then the professor kind of explored this when he dropped these various objects from  the building.  For example, with the golf ball and the practice golf ball, the practice golf ball was a lot  lighter than the real golf ball.  So when the practice golf ball fell down or was dropped, it reached terminal velocity  a lot faster, because it was a lot lighter, meaning that the force of gravity downwards  was a lot less.  So the air resistance would typically catch up to the force of gravity when you go up  to zero, compared to the actual golf ball, which had a lot greater mass.  So the force of gravity was obviously greater.  So it took the air resistance a lot more time to catch up to the force of gravity so it equal outs to  zero.  So that meant the normal golf fall would fall down from the building quicker, because it  has a greater force of gravity downwards, and it takes a longer time for it to reach  a terminal velocity, which means that it continues to accelerate for a longer time than the practice golf ball, means that it got faster and faster, while the practice golf ball  falls at a constant velocity, which is why the real ball fell down faster.  But then there also is another variable, which is the height of the building.  For example, in terms of golf balls, if the golf balls were dropped from a much higher  out of the building, they would have eventually reached the same speed and fell down onto the ground  at the same time.  And this is because when the height is high enough, the objects don't necessarily have enough time to reach terminal velocity at the same time.  For example, this is especially true of higher weighted objects or higher masses, like  watermelons.  They require a lot more time to reach terminal velocity, because they do have a greater gravitational  force acting on it.  So the terminal, oh sorry, the air resistance, needs more time to catch up and equal the  gravitational force to reach terminal velocity.  So that's why it requires a higher height to reach terminal velocity, because the air  resistance isn't strong enough at that time, because the gravitational force is too big.  So that's why at the lower height, the objects have different times when they drop down onto  the ground.  But if the building was higher, then they would eventually reach the same terminal  velocity, which also means that they would reach the ground at the same time.  So even if they had different masses and different weights, they would eventually reach the  ground at the same time if the building was high.