 So, the video I just watched was essentially a lesson on the concepts of gravity force  and air resistance, the drag force, and how their interactions with falling objects  contributed to the differences in the objects' fall time as a result of the differences in objects's terminal velocity determined by their mass and volume as they fell through the air.  In the experiment, the setup of it was that, in all the trials, both objects were dropped from the high  building, and then the researchers used a sort of pre-frame analysis technique to track the  object's progress through their fall using the landmarks apparent in the video so that know the discrepancies and the synchronicity of dropping them affected the results.  In the first trial, they dropped two watermelons of different sizes, which both had enough mass  such that their gravity force is not overcome by their drag force and they didn't reach terminal velocities.  They fell at relatively similar rates and hit the ground at the same time.  Then they moved on to a trial in which the basketballs of different sizes were dropped, or the larger  basketballs being of the same mass as the smaller one, or relatively the same, fell  less quickly than the smaller basketball due to the fact that they were of similar mass, and therefore their gravity force was, oh.... they had similar mass but different volumes and then the drag force was more affecting the larger basketball, even though both of them had the same  acceleration due to gravity downward, which is why the smaller one landed faster.  Then similarly, which is the inverse property, a golf ball and a ping pong ball, which were sort of the same...relatively the same size and shape, were dropped and the golf ball fell much faster due to its larger mass, because  even though they encountered the same air resistance, the more massive ones fell considerably faster.  And then in an experiment where they had an object of both different mass and different volume,  they dropped a lemon, which was considerably smaller and lighter than the watermelon, the other object  was a melon. And the...the lemon initially fell faster because it had less inertia overcome because it has lower...however...it fell...once it had fallen down a certain amount it reaches terminal  velocity as air resistance picked up, and that becomes the force of gravity, so that the overall net force was zero.  Instead of accelerating downward, it kept going at the same velocity down, whereas the watermelon,  having initially fallen slower because it had more inertia to overcome. The watermelon continued to  accelerate due to gravity as it did not encounter the same kind of air resistance as quickly as the lemon did  due to its volume. So it eventually caught up to the lemon and they hit the ground at the same time.  So in all these experiments, what they were demonstrating by dropping these objects of different  masses and volumes and at a time..oh the same mass and volume... was that objects falling in sort of non-ideal conditions  like real air resistance and falling at heights where they couldn't both reach their terminal velocity  at a time. It showed how the difference in mass can affect objects like downward in relation to their volume  and how they both affect their air resistance and ability to reach terminal velocity faster.