 Okay, so I watched a video of these two experimenters dropping two different objects down at a tall building.  They were inspired by Galileo dropping the object down on a Tower of Pisa.  The first set of objects they used was a big watermelon and a small watermelon.  It seemed that the big watermelon dropped faster,  but looking at a camera that's able to capture twice as many frames as our brain can capture,  we can see that both objects actually fell at the same rate at the same time,  and that is because the watermelon itself, there's so much mass and they're so heavy that there's so much momentum,  but air resistance does not apply to it.  But then we look at the same sized objects, they used basketballs instead.  It was a smaller basketball, and a larger basketball.  You see that air resistance does actually play into this,  and then the smaller basketball actually dropped faster than the bigger basketball,  because the bigger basketball faced more air resistance.  I also learned that w minus g equals the terminal velocity.  Whenever the gravitational force remains constant throughout the entire fall,  it's just the air resistance that's slowly increasing,  and it exponentially increases until it reaches equilibrium to the gravitational force.  Once it reaches equilibrium, the acceleration of the air resistance remains constant. Um...And then the....and them..um..so when two objects have the same diameter and the same size,  for instance, this is a practice golf ball and a real golf ball,  because it has the same diameter, the mass does influence the actual golf ball to fall faster,  and that's because it needs more air resistance to be able to reach equilibrium to the air gravitational force,  because it's so heavy.  So when it falls, the air resistance just increases.  It just accelerates.  It doesn't stop, and it just keeps going.  While the lighter one, which reaches equilibrium, and then it falls slower.  And then...Same with the lemon.  I think it's a small fruit and a bigger fruit.  The lemon had more inertia, so even though it seems like the lemon falls faster,  it actually fell at the same rate as the watermelon,  because the watermelon was able to catch up with the lemon anyways.  It reached the equilibrium, it was slower, but after it reached the equilibrium,  the watermelon was still able to fall at a constant rate that made it fall at the same rate as the lemon.  And then....we learn that...oh yeah, so when an object is falling, it's affected by gravitational force and air resistance.  Air resistance is also known as the drag force.  The drag force is just made up of the surface area and also the velocity.  As you can see, the lemon had less surface area, so it was able to fall down  and reach the air resistance faster, because it also had more inertia,  but once it reached that, it still fell at a constant rate,  which was able to allow the watermelon, or the biggest fruit, to catch up faster.  It took a while too, because it had large surface area,  it took a little bit longer to reach that equilibrium.  Once it did, it fell at a constant rate and was able to catch up with the watermelon.  The video also shows a graph of terminal velocity.  The terminal velocity was like a...The gravitational force was at a constant rate, the line was straight,  and you can see the air resistance increased exponentially. Umm...and then.... Okay, I'm going to keep on talking........  What should I go for?  I think once you experiment with... you have it. I think I summed it up. Um... I guess I just learned drag force.  I learned speed.  When an object falls, it reaches the terminal velocity,  and then it goes instant.  I think that's it.