 Okay, so it started out with two water melons. One was about 12 pounds, I think, and the other was around 6 pounds, or 5.  So it was like half to 5. And they dropped it from the top of the building.  And they landed at the, like they took the same amount of time to land.  But that's because it was, like, not a very tall building. If it was a much taller building, then the heavier watermelon would have fallen first.  But in this case, it's because neither of them could reach terminal velocity in the short, like, height.  And even though the bigger, you would expect the bigger one to fall first, because it has more inertia, or no, they have the same, it has more inertia, but they have the same force per inertia ratio.  So the gravity is acting on it, but since the bigger one is more sluggish, it takes longer to reach terminal velocity.  And so if it was a taller building, it would fall all the way, it would fall faster at the end.  And then the basketball one, I don't remember which one fell first.  But the basketball, I think they have the same mass, because they have, like, the same amount of pressure inside.  I could be wrong. But one of them has a bigger diameter than the other one, and since they have the same mass,  one of them has more air, or the one with the bigger diameter, I think, has more air resistance acting against it,  because it's, like, hitting more of the air, so, like, push it back up.  But I don't remember which one fell first.  I think if it has more air resistance, then it will take longer to hit the ground.  So it would take longer to reach terminal velocity.  So I think that one would fall and hit the ground first, because the smaller one reached terminal velocity first,  but I could be wrong. But with the golf ball and the practice golf ball, that's more hollow.  The golf ball hit the ground first, because the practice one reaches terminal velocity really fast,  because it's a lot lighter and has less mass and less inertia, or less momentum.  And then the golf ball, it takes longer, the real golf ball takes longer to reach terminal velocity,  so it keeps accelerating at a constant rate until it hits the ground.  Or it reaches terminal velocity for a second, I don't remember, but it hits the ground first, and the practice one takes a lot longer.  And then they also had, I don't remember the little cherry tomato and the lemon.  I don't know if they dropped that one, but they showed it in the beginning.  But they also had a large watermelon and a small lemon, and the same thing, like the golf ball and the practice golf ball,  the large watermelon hits the ground first, because it, well, it looks like the lemon is falling faster at first,  but then it reaches terminal velocity and it stops accelerating, so it just has a constant speed.  And then the watermelon continues to accelerate, because it takes longer to reach terminal velocity,  because it has more mass, I think, and more momentum and more inertia.  And it might, well, I don't think it reaches terminal velocity at all, actually, because it's such a short height.  But if it was a taller height, like the leaning tower that Galileo did, then it would reach terminal velocity  and would start falling at a constant speed, would stop accelerating.  Yeah.  And then in the last video, they have the diagram showing that the net force is equal to the weight,  or the force of gravity, I think, minus the drag, which is the same as the air resistance.  That's the net force on all of it.  Oh, and then there's a guy with a parachute, and I think the air resistance increases  when he launches a parachute, because there's more surface area.  Which makes sense when you think about how many air he would draw....Um..  Force is equal to weight minus drag.  Oh, and there's a little gif on the right that I like.  That was like a brick, or like a bar or something, that was falling, and the gravity stayed constant the entire time.  And the speed is increasing, but acceleration stays constant.  And then the air resistance increases as it's falling, and so it reaches terminal velocity,  which is when the force of the gravity is equal to the force of the air resistance,  and then that force is zero, and then it's falling at a constant speed,  and the acceleration is zero because it's not changing the speed.