 Okay, so, in the beginning there was a big watermelon and a small watermelon  that dropped from the same height, and they landed, it looked like they landed  at the same time because it wasn't a tall enough building for them to drop it on,  but if it was a taller building, then the big watermelon would land first  because the small one would reach terminal velocity first. Because there's less air resistance fighting against it  and the heavier one has more air resistance fighting against it.  And then, I thought it was a short building, so they landed around the same time, neither of them reached terminal velocity.  And then they dropped two basketballs, one was half the size or one was smaller,  and I think the big basketball was a little bit faster,  because it had less air resistance.  I'm not sure about that one.  And the golf ball and the practice golf ball,  the practice golf ball reached terminal velocity a lot earlier  because it's a lot lighter because it's like hollow. And the golf ball hit the ground a lot faster because it reached terminal velocity. Because it's like force equals the weight minus the drag or the air resistance, which is the same thing, I didn't know it was the same thing.  And then once the air resistance equals the weight of the item then the net force is zero,  and so it's reaching terminal velocity and it stops accelerating.  It's accelerating until it reaches terminal velocity and then it stops  and then it just like keeps going like it's gravity, but it's not accelerating anyway.  And then, oh and then the big watermelon and the small one, something about inertia,  it's like because inertia is like the object in motion,  it stays in motion until like it's heavier, it keeps accelerating or accelerates for longer.  I don't know, I could be lying about that one.  And the fourth one was a watermelon and a lemon, and the same thing happened  with the golf ball and the practice ball, the lemon reaches terminal velocity first so it looks like it's going faster at first,but then the watermelon accelerates.  Well, maybe it wasn't going faster at first, that was just the way they dropped it.  But the watermelon accelerates and.... yeah, yeah, sorry, so lemon stops accelerating  until it reaches terminal velocity, because the weight is equal to the air resistance, and the larger watermelon keeps accelerating, because you've got like the arrows pointing up which is the air resistance , and the arrows pointing down which is the weight, and then they equal each other after the lemon reaches terminal velocity.  This is not a good explanation, sorry.  And then the third video was like the recap of all of it, I like that one. Yeah and there's a little thing  on the right that was showing like a video of like a free-falling brick, it wasn't a brick,  I forgot what it was, but the weight is like 200 and the weight stays the same the whole time but as it's falling down the air resistance in the track is increasing until it equals 200  and once it equals 200 they both be the same, and so then it stops accelerating.  Oh, I don't know what else to talk about, one of the guys' name was like Rob Grgich and it's  like the guy from Park um..., yeah, I was confused about the basketball, I think it's a heavier one,  I thought they landed at the same time but maybe it's because they were dropped  at a slightly different time so they looked like they landed at the same time, yeah.  It's a really long five minutes. I didn't know any of this before, I thought they would all land  at the same time because like a bowling ball, oh it's going down, a bowling ball and like a piece  of paper, a bowling ball falls first, oh there's something that they talked about  with like the surface area affects how much air resistance is hitting it,  maybe that's part of the reason why the basketballs look like they fall at the same time,  I don't know, I could be lying.