Experiments shows that three time points to show the way back representation of how different objects will fall off at different speeds by dropping them off a tall building.  The first experiment shows two watermelons at different sizes, a large watermelon and  a small watermelon, the large one being around 12 pounds of weight, and the small one having  around 12 pounds of weight.  I think I dropped one with maybe assumed that the large one will fall slower,  because it  has a larger cross-sectional area and it will have a larger drag, air resistance, one of the two forces  as the one of the watermelons.  But because the object is so large it has such size it's not too high enough, so the small  watermelon is more sluggish and will therefore hit the ground right around the same time as the small watermelon. The result will probably change quite a bit if the watermelons were dropped from a higher  building but in this case they reached the ground just around the same time.  The next experiment showed two basketballs, one standard sized basketball and one that  was about the half size as the other one.  However they have the same mass so when they are being dropped the small basketball hits  the ground way quicker than the large one because it has less area, and there is less  drag acting on the ball, which means that it will fall quicker.  Because they have around the same mass, they will have around the same gravitational force  acting on them, but then the larger basketball has a larger drag force acting on it, and it  will fall slower.  The third experiment was two golf balls, one standard issue golf ball as well as one practice  golf ball which looks more like a small whistle ball.  They had the exact same size, however the standard issue golf ball was clearly larger in mass  than the other one.  When these two were being dropped the standard issue golf ball hit the ground first, as it  did not hit terminal speed which the other golf ball did.  The terminal speed happens when the drag or air assistance becomes equal to the weight,  or the gravitational force of the ball.  This happened to the small ball as it has a very small mass, and the formula for the  force is mass times gravitation, which means that the downward force on the practice golf  ball was way lower than the downward force on the real golf ball, which meant that it  hit the ground half way and hit the ground way later than the standard golf ball.  The last experiment was a large watermelon and a lemon.  The lemon started falling way quicker than the large watermelon as the large watermelon  is accelerating slower due to the larger area.  However the melon is way smaller and hits terminal velocity due to its lower mass, and  the large watermelon catches up with the lemon just as they hit the ground. Yeah, the lemon got a head start at the beginning but they hit the ground at the same time.  Then we were shown with a digital representation of the two watermelons along with the lemon  next to them, and how the gravity and the air assistance acted on them as they were falling,  and shows that they all hit the ground right around the same time although they are very  different objects.  Lastly we were shown with an iron bar that weighed about 20 kilos which was in free fall,  and the representation showed that the higher the speed was of the ball, the higher the air  assistance on the bar became.  So as it was falling, the gravitational downward force was 200 meters and while it was falling  the air assistance increased all the way until, or the speed increased as it was accelerating  all the way until the air assistance was dragged with equal to the downward force, and the iron  bar ended up at its terminal velocity and did not accelerate.  We also saw with a diver, a skydiver, where if they hop out of a plane they will continue  accelerating until about 120 miles per hour or kilometers per hour where they will reach  terminal velocity and they will not accelerate anymore.