 So, the video I watched twice is about the gravitational force and how air friction changes  the velocity of the falling objects.  And the key figure that's mentioned in the video, in the explanation video, is the key  of all the lectures, which has the force on the y-axis and time on the x-axis.  For this plot, there are two lines, and the one line will be the force of gravity, which  will remain constant regardless of their weight, which will be 9.8 meter per second of pulling force from the earth, and in this case, the mass will not matter.  And the other line, which will be drawing more like exponential curve, will be the air friction.  And that will depend on the shape and aerodynamic of the objects. So, in this experiment, they actually started backwards, not by explaining the principle,  but also starting with the examples, a very famous, um... actually Pisa? dropping  objects, but in real building.  So, they brought up four pairs.  The first, um, the four pairs are two sizes of basketball, two sizes of watermelon, a  watermelon and a lemon, and the same size, but different shape and weight of golf balls.  So, for the golf ball, it's more intuitive, and how it happens when they fall from a building,  the golf ball falls faster than the practice ball.  And for the watermelon, it's not so intuitive because although the big watermelon is bigger  and its mass is heavier than the small watermelon, they fall almost the same.  And for the result of the basketball, the big basketball and the small basketball are  falling almost the same, but I think it's slightly, for the smaller basketball, it falls  faster.  And for the comparison of the watermelon and lemon, this was more interesting because lemon  was slower, but faster, but the watermelon catches up and they fall at the same rate.  Um.. yeah, related with the quiz I took from the beginning, all these concepts were interesting, because when the experiment should happen in the vacuum, they should all fall at the  same rate, regardless of their mass.  However, how,... it was more interesting is that especially for the case of watermelon and  lemon, their falling speed has changed, and this is due to the one key concept that was  explained in the video, which is called terminal velocity.  So, if we go back to the figure that I explained, which had the y-axis of force and x-axis of  the time, and two lines of gravity and air friction, for the lemon case, the terminal  velocity, it reaches faster because its weight and shape and air friction changes.  So here, the lemon falls faster, it seems like it's falling faster at first because  it reaches the terminal velocity faster than watermelon, but watermelon accelerates and accelerates even after lemon reaches its terminal velocity, therefore it catches up at the end, and it reaches the  ground at the same time.  Um, yeah,... and the most interesting pair, as I said before in the last session, was the comparison between big basketball and small basketball versus the other pair of big watermelon  and small watermelon, because if you think about it more intuitively, they should actually  have the same results, but here they said it has different results because, um, the  watermelon, although they,... so watermelon is heavier than the basketball, so it has less impact of air friction differences. But for the basketball, the air friction plays a bigger role, and although the video does not mention the shape of the watermelon and the basketballs are different between the pairs, within the pairs, so for example, the watermelon bigger  one is very circular shape and smaller one oval shape and the smaller one is circular  shape, but for the basketball they are the same,  so it's more controlled.  So how they explain it in the video section, in the review section, was that for the watermelon,  the height probably was too small, height was too short to reach the terminal velocity  for both watermelons, so they actually had not reached the terminal velocity for both  watermelons, but in comparison, the pairs of basketballs, they reached the terminal velocity  at different rates, so the results of those two pairs were different, although intuitively  they should be the same because they're the same object with different mass, so yeah.