 Okay. So, there are two forces that act on an object when it's dropped.  There's gravitational force and drag force, which is air resistance.  And with gravitational force, weight, makes a difference.  And with drag force, it's size and shape, I think.  And so, when the gravitational force equals the drag force,  that is when the object hits terminal velocity.  So, when an object is dropped, it accelerates.  So, it increases in velocity.  And so, it reaches this terminal velocity.  And once it reaches the terminal velocity,  it stops increasing in speed or acceleration.  So, we watched two watermelons get dropped, and neither one  of them reached terminal velocity because they're both fairly heavy.  However, if it had been a longer drop,  the larger watermelon might have had more air resistance.  Then, what was really, what became very clear was  when we dropped a golf ball with a much lighter practice ball.  And the lighter object reaches terminal velocity faster.  And that is because the ratio between the weight and the air resistance.  So, the air resistance is, it increases with the, with the drop, I think.  And so, is that right?  I don't know.  But it's, I know that it has something to do with the inertia,  the ratio between the inertia and the weight of the object.  And if that's closer together, like it is in a lighter ball,  then it's going to reach the terminal velocity faster.  And if that's the case, then it will appear to really slow down.  Well, it doesn't actually slow down, but it's not increasing speed  like the other objects, so it's increasing with acceleration.  So, the golf ball, for instance, seems like it was still increasing in speed,  whereas the practice golf ball, which also had holes in it, so had greater air resistance,  really reached its terminal velocity much quicker,  just off of the top of a fairly tall building.  And so, it was, it reached the ground much, much slower than the golf ball.  We watched watermelons drop off the top of the building, that are two different sizes.  We also watched basketballs that were dropped off the top of the building and the golf ball, the two different weight golf balls.  And then, lastly, we saw a watermelon and a lemon, and that was the most drastic,  because the lemon was so much smaller and lighter than the watermelon.  And so, the watermelon still had not reached its terminal velocity, but the lemon did,  because it was so much smaller, less air resistance, and it had lower weight.  So, the two together made it so that it was reaching its terminal velocity faster.  Let's see, the ratio of, the ratio, I think, is really significant here,  because when you look at a graph of when a object is going to reach its terminal velocity,  or when that drag force is equal to that gravitational force, what's going to affect it is  that ratio of weight to the air resistance, which is affected by its size and shape.  Oh, goodness, let's see, so, gravitational,  so, let's see, F equals W plus the D, so, F is the force, and W is the weight,  and, or the gravitational force, and D is the drag force, so, F, no, you know what,  I think F is the acceleration, W is the gravitational force, and D is the drag force,  and D is the air resistance, and that is the formula, and when W equals D,  that's when you reach terminal velocity.  Okay, that's about all I've got.