 Okay, for the video we learned, we learned about the physics of falling object's velocity. The key figure for this video was the weight and the drag, which can be explained  as the key figure explained in this video.  So for that figure, the y-axis was the force and x-axis was the velocity when the time passes.  And for the weight force, which is gravity, 9.8 milliseconds per second acceleration will stay  the same regardless of the mass.  However, what changes is the drag, which will be the air resistance.  So air resistance changes as like exponential function, so it's actually,  and then there will be one time where it will cross with the weight.  So the weight force or gravitational force.  So in this video, it actually starts backwards, it starts by giving the, for example,  which varies in their weight and the sizes, supposedly, the drag or the air resistance.  So for example, it starts with four pairs, and one of the pairs,  that I remember I think it explains the most, is the pair of two golf balls.  And two golf balls obviously has the same surface size,  although they don't explain how the aerodynamics work due to the design of the surface.  I will skip this explanation for the later part.  So for the pair of golf balls, for example, the golf ball, which has heavier mass,  and the practice golf ball, which has holes, therefore more air resistance,  which is not covered by the video, but also, but the same, supposedly,  surface, falls at the same time, they drop it at the same time.  And the result is the golf ball that is not for the practice, but for the real thing,  has heavier and has less air resistance because of the design, so it falls faster.  And the practice golf ball falls at a full rate, which is very intuitive to our sense.  However, what's more counterintuitive is when we drop a watermelon and a lemon pair,  but they actually fall at the same time.  How this happens is because for a watermelon, it reaches the terminal velocity, where that intersection point of the weight and the drag meets,  and therefore it does not accelerate.  That terminal velocity reaching point for a watermelon is slower,  and for the lemon it's faster due to its mass and the surface.  So here, what happens in the middle ground before they reach the ground  at the same time, is that first, lemon falls faster than watermelon,  and it reaches its terminal velocity faster, so it actually does not accelerate any more.  So the delta value of the velocity will remain zero.  In the meantime, the acceleration of the watermelon increases, and when the delta velocity  for watermelon reaches its terminal point, and it becomes faster than lemon,  so it actually catches up right before it hits the ground,  or more like one third point it hits the ground.  So at the end, even though the lemon was faster from the building, and then might seem  like it's faster than watermelon, the watermelon catches up,  and they hit the ground at the same time.  So what happens if you have two.... pair of the same objects, but different sizes?  This is where it becomes more interesting, too.  So what they also compare is the pair of two basketballs.  Here, the practice basketball, which is smaller, and there's a real basketball that's bigger,  and there's another pair... of watermelons, which is bigger, and also twice heavier...there's a small watermelon.  So how they explain it is interesting, because the results of these two pairs are different,  although they kind of intuitively will be the same.  But how they explain it is for the watermelon pair, their weight is twice heavier,  but for the basketball, which they do not explain or, like, talk about weight at first,  but for the experiments in video, they talk that maybe the basketball weights are not so different, and their difference in weight is not showing the difference in this height.  So the difference between these two pairs, the watermelon pair and the basketball pair, is that watermelon pair, the weight is significantly different compared  to the dropping height of this experiment. And for the basketball pair,  the weight difference is not so significantly different.  So what happens is for the basketball pair, when the big basketball and small basketball are dropped,  the small basketball has less resistance, because they have the similar shape  and similar air dynamic due to their design, but air resistance is smaller  because the smaller basketball has smaller surface.  So it's slightly less faster from the building when they are dropped.  In comparison for the watermelon pair, when the watermelon is bigger,  and has higher weight, bigger weight, and watermelon is smaller, and has the smaller resistance,  it actually lands the ground almost a similar time, and they explain that it might also be different  if the height is different in this case, because both watermelons did not reach their terminal  velocity in this experiment.  So, yeah, it was really interesting.  One thing I was a little bit confused was when the first video part talked about inertia,  so it explained the watermelon, but I'm not sure if that was actually covered in the original video,  or if it was covered in the later part, because inertia at the end was not mentioned  in other three pairs of the comparison of the dropping speed.  And also, another thing that was not covered was the design of the object that is different from just the surface area of the object.  For example, in the pair of golf balls, if the golf ball for the practice ball is maybe  like also not, didn't have a hole in it, it might've actually changed the result,  because having the holes in it, if you think of a parachute, it has holes in it,  it will actually fall faster, regardless of small difference in the surface size.  So, yeah, that was interesting.  I'm not sure if I saw the whole video of gravity and this air resistance velocity, but, yeah...  So,.. about connecting the thoughts of what I learned.  I think it would have been also interesting to compare, especially for the watermelon,  where they accelerated it even just before they hit the ground, to have drop it  in the higher building and compare the results, because I think that would be more interesting  or intuitive comparison between the watermelon pair and the basketball pair.  And also, it would be interesting to see how the same mass and same surface size,  without any holes for the golf ball, golf ball pairs, will be another interesting thing,  but I think overall this lecture was pretty well made.