 So basically the video was talking about like a series of three different experiments.  So in the first experiment they were dropping two watermelons, one that was a little bit bigger  in terms of diameter and weight and then the other one that was a little smaller.  And when they both, when they dropped both of the watermelons from like the top  of the building they hit the ground at around the same time.  Then they repeated the experiment for a watermelon and a lemon, I'm pretty sure.  And then it was found that the watermelon hit the ground at a faster,  or it hit the ground first instead of the lemon.  And then this last experiment was them dropping two golf balls.  So one of the golf balls had like holes cut out in them, and this was a practice golf ball versus a real golf ball.  And then in this experiment the real golf ball hit the ground first.  And so basically what these videos are talking about was like the two opposing forces.  So one being gravitational force, also known as weight, that's acting downwards  until I take the downwards arrow on these objects.  And then the other one being the upward force of resist air resistance.  And air resistance I think it said it was dependent upon surface area and then weight as well.  And so the reason for why the two watermelons hit the ground at the same time is  because the experiment wasn't, I don't think, tall enough to be able  to ask the changes of the differences.  In reality, you would have the smaller, you would have a larger watermelon hit the ground first  and that's because there's a smaller watermelon because it weighs less  and because it has less surface area than the bigger watermelon.  It'll reach a constant velocity, it'll reach terminal velocity quicker and so what  that means is that I think both of the forces of gravitational force, weight  and the air resistance are acting at equal proportions  so that it's accelerating at a constant rate, whereas because  the bigger watermelon has higher surface area, greater weight,  it wouldn't reach terminal velocity as quickly as the smaller watermelon.  So if you dropped it, they gave the example of dropping it from the leaning tower Pisa.  If you dropped it from there, you would see that the larger watermelon  because it hadn't hit constant velocity, it would hit the ground first.  It hadn't hit terminal velocity, sorry.  And then in terms of the golf ball experiment, sort of a similar thing applied  where the practice golf ball because it had, it weighed less,  it had more air resistance pushing against it, it was able to reach a terminal velocity  at a faster rate, at a faster time than the traditional golf ball. And so that's why the golf ball, the traditional golf ball hit the ground first  as compared to the smaller golf ball, as compared to the practice golf ball.  And then the same thing with the lemon where the large, the experiment with the lemon  and the watermelon, where the watermelon hit the ground first as compared to the lemon  and again it's because the lemon reached a terminal velocity because of its lower weight  and its less air resistance with a less surface area.  Whereas the watermelon when it was falling, it was still falling at a increasing acceleration. And so in all of these experiments, it just goes to show I think the researchers were just talking  about how like the, once a, once a like object reaches a terminal velocity  which is constant acceleration as compared to an object that hasn't reached terminal velocity  and is still falling at an increasing acceleration,  the object that hasn't reached the terminal velocity yet will hit the ground first  as compared to the object with a terminal velocity. And then I think they also talked  about how if you, yeah and I think another thing that they brought up was I guess it's diving back into the idea of like greater surface area so the golf ball with the cutouts,  the practice golf ball had quote unquote less surface area because there were those holes that were cut out as compared to the traditional golf ball.  And so the golf ball, because it had less surface area, it was also less air resistance  and as a result of the less surface area, it also weighed more so it was lighter and so it was able  to reach the point of terminal velocity quicker than the traditional golf ball.  And so again, that's the reason as to why it took longer for that golf ball  to hit the ground than the traditional golf ball, in terms of,  I feel like I've covered most of these things but, like I think they also mentioned  if you were to drop like the smaller watermelon with the lemon as well, again,  you would see this watermelon hit the ground faster than you would the lemon just again  because the gravitational force of the weight is greater, and so it'd be increasing at,  it'd be like falling at an increasing acceleration where the lemon, because of its lower weight  and because of its lower surface area, it would be reaching the terminal velocity quicker  than the watermelon and so it wouldn't be accelerating at an increasing rate,  it'd just be accelerating at a constant rate and so it'd hit the ground afterwards.  Yeah, I think that's everything.