 so for these videos I watched a couple of scientists recreate Galileo's famous  experiment where he dropped bowling balls off or like heavy stuff off the  leaning tower of Pisa. And there are multiple different trials with different objects,  with... so for there was one where it was a large watermelon being dropped at the  same time as a small watermelon. there's one was a small basketball being dropped  at the same time as a large basketball. And then there was one where a regular  sized golf ball was being dropped with this similar sized practice golf ball made out of the lighter material. And they recorded the time it took for each  object to reach the ground. Ao for the large watermelon the small watermelon,  they both reached the ground at nearly the same time when controlled for  different releasing times. For the small basketball and large basketball, the  small basketball actually reached the ground a little faster than the large  basketball. And then for the golf ball the practice golf ball the golf ball  reached the ground at a much faster time. And they explained what happened in  each of these scenarios, briefly after each experiment, and then explained the  whole thing in the last section of the video. So basically what happened was is  that there's two forces acting upon each object that's falling, or in free fall,  and that is gravity pulling down on the object, and air resistance  pushing up. Air resistance also known as drag. And so the force of gravity is  constant.... is equal to the weight of the object, and so the mass times its acceleration by gravity which is 9.8 meters per second. And then the air  resistance is determined by the velocity and the surface area of the falling  object. So, if an object, as as an object velocity increases due to its gravity,  its air resistance also increases. And then if an object has a greater surface  area, then it will have a greater air resistance. So the explanation for why  the result was the way it was for each of the dropping experiments is what I'll  go into next. So for the large watermelon versus the small watermelon they were  both a similar landing time when controlled, because while the large  watermelon is larger and has a bigger mass, it also is larger in terms of surface area, so it has greater air resistance. And so... and then the small one has like smaller  mass, but also smaller air resistance, so these both cancel out and they would  hit the ground like roughly the same time. For the small basketball and the  large basketball, the small basketball and large basketball have like very  similar masses, but the small basketball has a lot less air resistance, because it  has a smaller like surface area. So it will reach terminal velocity slower than a large basketball. So it will just keep accelerating and will eventually  hit the ground first. And then for the golf ball and the practice ball. The  golf ball is... as more massive than the practice ball, and... but they both have the  same surface area. So they will have similar air resistance, so the golf ball  will land first because the force of gravity acting on it is larger, and air  resistance will bring it to terminal velocity later so it'll be accelerating  for longer than the practice ball will... yeah.... for the....  so basically...every every like for each part of these experiments, it's just  contemplating how the difference in mass and the surface area of each object would explain why the interaction between air resistance and gravity would make one object fall faster or reach the ground earlier than another one yeah